README.md, before:

# zcoreutils
Coreutils equivalents written in zig

# Design Philosophy
zcoreutils is a set of binaries intended to replace common utilities used in unix-like environments.  This project was partially borne out of my desire to learn zig and partially as a result of my own personal annoyance at large binary sizes for common "simple" utilities, particularly for embedded applications.

In order of (approximate) precedence:

1. Make behavior as close as possible to gnu coreutils equivalents unless it is obviously stupid
2. Functional correctness
3. Minimize memory consumption
4. Minimize code size

# Utility Status
| Utility | Status | Notes
| ------- | ----------- |----
| zsleep  | complete    |
| zcksum  | complete    |
| zecho   | mostly done | does not currently support \e, \E, \u, \U
| zhead   | usable      | prints 10 lines, no CLI option support yet
| ztail   | usable      | prints 10 lines, no CLI option support yet
| zcat    | usable      | prints full file, no CLI option support yet
| zls     | in-progress | missing lots of features
| zcp     | preliminary | 
| zrm     | preliminary |
| zrmdir  | preliminary |
| zmkdir  | preliminary |
| zmv     | preliminary |

Commit message:

0.0.3a
Installation instructions
rename some stuff in ztail
migrate library to use master (0.12.0-dev.21+ac95cfe44) zig build -> fix deperecated functions, etc.

README.md, after:

# zcoreutils
Coreutils equivalents written in zig

# Installation
Run `zig build` with appropriate options (succh as `zig build -Doptimize=ReleaseSmall`) to build all utilities.  Binaries are placed in the the `zig-out/bin` folder.

# Design Philosophy
zcoreutils is a set of binaries intended to replace common utilities used in unix-like environments.  This project was partially borne out of my desire to learn zig and partially as a result of my own personal annoyance at large binary sizes for common "simple" utilities, particularly for embedded applications.

In order of (approximate) precedence:

1. Make behavior as close as possible to gnu coreutils equivalents unless it is obviously stupid
2. Functional correctness
3. Minimize memory consumption
4. Minimize code size

# Utility Status
| Utility | Status      | Notes
| ------- | ----------- |----
| zsleep  | complete    |
| zcksum  | complete    |
| zecho   | mostly done | does not currently support \e, \E, \u, \U
| zhead   | usable      | prints 10 lines, no CLI option support yet
| ztail   | usable      | prints 10 lines, no CLI option support yet
| zcat    | usable      | prints full file, no CLI option support yet
| zls     | in-progress | missing lots of features
| zcp     | preliminary | 
| zrm     | preliminary |
| zrmdir  | preliminary |
| zmkdir  | preliminary |
| zmv     | preliminary |
